Look at this poor guy
You can't even get 1,000 dollars out of your body, right?
You still want to rob Fang Lin from me
What grade are you?
Do you have the strength?
This person in front of you
It is Shao Gongzi Ma Wude of Jindi Group
His father Ma Kui was once served by the Temple of Wealth
Now it is the role of tens of billions of assets
How can someone like you achieve this?
The one named Ma Kui
Compared with the Marquis of Zhencai in the Temple of Wealth
Is like a soul bold
You can also mention the name of the Marquis of Zhencai
Zhencai Hou Gui is under one person in the Temple of Wealth
Supreme above ten thousand people
How can anyone be compared to Zhencai Hou?
Since it is not as good as the Marquis of Zhencai
That Marquis
Not so good
Dare to insult my father
I think you have eaten the gall of the ambitious leopard, right?
Who would dare to act so boldly?
Do you really think my Ma Group is empty?
I'm going to this blind man
Dare to openly argue with us here
What about the later person?
Close the door for me
If he gets out of here safely today
I'll be right back so I don't have to hang around next week